docs(website): add zarf integration guide (#2838)
glasskube/distr: website/src/content/docs/docs/integrations/zarf.md

By the end of this guide, you'll have:

- A `zarf.yaml` package definition for your Helm-based application
- A GitHub Actions job that builds and publishes a multi-architecture Zarf package to the Distr registry on every release
- A deployment flow your customers can use to install the package in connected or fully air-gapped clusters

This guide follows the setup of the [hello-distr](https://github.com/distr-sh/hello-distr) example application. If you haven't read it yet, the [Automatic Deployments from GitHub](/docs/integrations/github-actions/) guide covers the surrounding release automation in detail.

## Prerequisites

Before starting, ensure you have:

1. A Distr account with a [registry slug configured](/docs/registry/configuration/)
2. A [Personal Access Token](/docs/integrations/personal-access-token/) for pushing to the registry
3. A Helm chart for your application, with all container images published to a registry
4. The [Zarf CLI](https://docs.zarf.dev/getting-started/install/) installed locally for testing

## How the Integration Works

The delivery pipeline looks like this:

1. Your release workflow builds and pushes your container images and Helm chart

> 2. `zarf package create` reads your `zarf.yaml`, pulls the chart and all referenced images, and writes a single `.tar.zst` archive that also includes SBOMs for every image

Reviewer: Here it says that zarf "pulls the chart", but below we use a `localPath` which seems to indicate that the path from the filesystem is used (i.e. not pulled)

      uses: docker/login-action@v4
      with:
        registry: ghcr.io
        username: ${{ github.actor }}
        password: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
    - name: Login to Distr Registry
      uses: docker/login-action@v4
      with:
        registry: registry.distr.sh
        username: ${{ github.actor }}
        password: ${{ secrets.DISTR_TOKEN }}
    - name: Setup Zarf
      uses: zarf-dev/setup-zarf@v1
      with:
        version: v0.81.0
    - name: Create Zarf package
      run: |
        zarf package create deploy/zarf -a amd64 --set VERSION="${{ github.ref_name }}" --confirm
        zarf package create deploy/zarf -a arm64 --set VERSION="${{ github.ref_name }}" --confirm
    - name: Publish Zarf package to Distr registry
      run: |
        for pkg in zarf-package-hello-distr-*.tar.zst; do
          zarf package publish "$pkg" oci://registry.distr.sh/your-slug
        done
```

Notes on this job:

- `needs: build` ensures the container images exist in the source registry before Zarf tries to pull them into the package.
- `DISTR_TOKEN` is a repository secret containing your Distr [Personal Access Token](/docs/integrations/personal-access-token/).

> - The job builds one package per CPU architecture (`-a amd64` and `-a arm64`). Publishing both to the same OCI reference creates a multi-arch index, so `zarf package deploy` automatically selects the right package for the target cluster.

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, this can only work with tag mutability enabled. Maybe should check and document if true

- `--set VERSION="${{ github.ref_name }}"` wires the release tag into the `###ZARF_PKG_TMPL_VERSION###` template.

## Step 5: Customer Deployment

Customers authenticate with their own [Personal Access Token](/docs/integrations/personal-access-token/) and can only access packages they are licensed for.

### Connected Clusters

For clusters that can reach the Distr registry, customers deploy directly from the OCI reference:

```shell
zarf tools registry login registry.distr.sh -u - -p "CUSTOMER-ACCESS-TOKEN"
zarf init --confirm
zarf package deploy oci://registry.distr.sh/your-slug/hello-distr:1.0.0 --confirm
```

### Fully Air-Gapped Clusters

> For environments without any internet access, customers pull the package on a connected machine, transfer it across the air gap, and deploy from the local file:

Reviewer: what is a connected machine?

```shell
# On a machine with registry access
zarf package pull oci://registry.distr.sh/your-slug/hello-distr:1.0.0

# Transfer zarf-package-hello-distr-*.tar.zst across the air gap, then:
zarf init --confirm
zarf package deploy zarf-package-hello-distr-amd64-1.0.0.tar.zst --confirm
```

In both cases, `zarf init` sets up Zarf's in-cluster registry once per cluster. Every subsequent package deployment pushes its bundled images there, so the cluster never has to pull an image from an external registry.

## Troubleshooting

### Package Creation Fails with "must include a chart version"

Zarf requires an explicit `version` on every chart entry, including charts referenced via `localPath`. Add `version: '###ZARF_PKG_TMPL_VERSION###'` (or the concrete chart version) to the chart definition in your `zarf.yaml`.

### Deployed Pods Fail with "ImagePullBackOff"

> An image referenced by your Helm chart is missing from the `images` list in `zarf.yaml`. Render your chart and compare against the package definition:

Reviewer: this error can have a million causes
```suggestion
An image referenced by your Helm chart might me missing from the `images` list in `zarf.yaml`. Render your chart and compare against the package definition:
```
